Introduction 


Welcome to my first project for phase 1 of Flatiron School, which will be named travelershelper.io. This is a simple web application that allows you to convert currencies. In this first beta version, the base currency is set to USD - US Dollars. The next update to this app will include the ability to select any currency for conversion to any other one, as well as a number of other updates, both in terms of style and functionality. 

This is where this application will stop for the intents and purposes of completing the phase 1 project assignment. 

Further down the line, this application will be developed into something larger. Say, for example, you are going to Japan for a week, and want to plan out how much things cost and how much money to bring with you. Using a cost of living API, this application will let you compare different cities around the world. For example, if you currently live in Boston in the US and are travelling to Osaka in Japan, you can compare living costs between two cities. You can compare how much a bottle of water, a public transporation pass, a meal at a restaurant, a night in a hotel, a taxi ride, etc, all cost. As such, you will be able to determine how much money to bring with you. 

Further, the application will be able to do some of that work for you. If you estimate how much money you would spend on a daily basis (eating, drinking, hotel stay, transporation, etc) if you were a tourist in YOUR own city and input that into the application, using the cost of living factor, the application will be able to tell you how much the same experience would cost in the city you are planning to visit. In turn, you will have a better idea of how much money to bring with you on your trip. 

Hopefully, in an even later version of the app, the information regarding how much it costs to be a tourist in your own city will be gathered for you. 





Instructions 


In your local environment, clone the following repo with this command: 

	git clone git@github.com:konstantinmakarov1031/phase-1-project.git

Next, type in the following command to open the project in your browser: 

	explorer.exe index.html 





Acknowledgements 


This application uses the currency data API from ExchangeRate-API. The link to their site is below. 

	https://www.exchangerate-api.com/docs/overview

The link to the API used in this project itself is below. 

	https://open.er-api.com/v6/latest/USD

The API updates every 24 hours at midnight to show the most accurate currency exchange rates. 
